# Tools of Titans
2017-05-20


## Read This First - How To Use This Book
Information without emotion isn't retained.
    -- Tony Robbins


## Part 1: Healthy
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
(是以圣人之能成其大也)，以其终不自为大，故能成其大。
    -- Lao Tzu 老子《道德经》


## Part 2: Wealthy
### Marc Andreessen
__Strong Views, Loosely Held__  
Most people go through life and never develop strong views on things.
What happens when the world changes? What happens when something else happens? That's where "loosely held" comes in.

The key to success is, "Be so good they can't ignore you."

Warren Buffett, he's betting against change. We're betting for change. When he makes a mistake, it's because something changes that he didn't expect. When we make a mistake, it's because something doesn't change that we thought would.

To do original work: It's not necessary to know something nobody else knows. It is necessary to believe something few other people believe.

### Arnold Schwarzenegger
I am a big believer that if you have a very clear vision of where you want to go, then the rest of it is much easier.

__Never Audition - Own or Create a Unique Niche__
How can I carve myself out a niche that only I have?
> 故事：为自己创造独一无二的位置

### Derek Sivers
Because most of us say yes to too much stuff, and then, we let these little, mediocre things fill our lives... The problem is, when that occasional, 'Oh my God, hell yeah!' things comes along, you don't have enough time to give it the attention that you should, because you've said yes to too much other little, half-ass stuff, right?

### Matt Mullenweg
It turns out that I graduated from high school, I had already used 93% of my in-person parent time. I'm now enjoying the last 5% of that time. We're in the tail end.
    -- Tim Urban _The Tail End_

You asked about what we look for in candidates: clarity of writing. I think clarity of writing indicates clarity of thinking.
> 故事：邮件交互面试

### Tony Robbins
Stressed is the achiever word for fear.

__The Best Investment He's ever made?__  
Warren Buffett told him, "In vesting in yourself is the most important investment you'll ever make in your life... There's no financial investment that'll ever match it, because if you develop more skill, more ability, more insight, more capacity, that's what's going to really provide economic freedom..."

Jim Rohn famously said, "If you let your learning lead to knowledge, you become a fool. If you let your learning lead to action, you become wealthy."

__Quality Questions Create a Quality Life__  
The quality of your life is the quality of your questions. Questions determine your focus.

## Casey Neistat
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.
    -- Ben Franklin

## Reid Hoffman
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
    -- Ludwig Wittgenstein

If they don't just accept the strategy you hand them, they should suggest modifications to the plan based on their closeness to the details.

## Peter Thiel
I think, once you have a trend, you have many people doing it. And once you have many people doing something, you have lots of competition and little differentiation.

Not everybody should do the same thing. There is something very odd about a society where the most talented people all get tracked toward the same elite colleges, where they end up studying the same small number of subjects and going into the same small number of careers.

Are you going to college because it's a 4-year party? Is it a consumption decision? Is it an investment decision where you're investing in your future? Is it insurance? Or is it a tournament where you're just beating other people?

## Seth Godin
Because once you get enough bad ideas, then some good ones have to show up.

## Scott Adams
Losers have goals. Winners have systems.
"What persistent skills or relationships can I develop?" versus "What short-term goal can I achieve?"
blogging was a system, not a goal.

I'm thinking of these ideas and they're flowing through my head, I'm monitoring my body; I'm not monitoring my mind. And when my body changes, I have something that other people are going to care about, too.

## The Law of Category
If you cannot be first in a category, set up a new category you can be first in.
Everyone is interested in what's new. Few people are interested in what's better.
When you're the first in a new category, promote the category.

## Chase Jarvis
Amplify your strengths rather than fix your weaknesses.
Good content is the best SEO.

## 1,000 True Fans —— Revisted
A true fan is defined as "a fan who will buy anything you produce."

## Daymond John
"Money is a great servant but a horrible master."

## The Canvas Strategy
The person who clears the path ultimately controls its direction, just as the canvas shapes the painting.
If you want great mentors, you have to become a great mentee. If you want to lead, you have to first learn to follow.

Great men have almost always shown themselves as ready to obey as they afterwards proved able to command.
    -- Lord Mahon

## Gut Investing
In the early stage, at the seed of an idea, the bet is largely based on the quality of the team, and the emotional connection you fell with the product.

## Mike Shinoda
It is far better for a man to go wrong in freedom than to go right in chains.
    -- Thomas Huxley

## How to Earn Your Freedom
I don't like work, but I like what is in the work -- the chance to find yourself.
    -- Joseph Conrad _Heart of Darkness_

## Peter Diamandis
1. When you're going 10% bigger, you're competing against everybody. When you're trying to go 10 times bigger, you're there by yourself.
2. When you are trying to go 10 times bigger, you have to start with a clean sheet of paper, and you approach the problem completely differently.
3. When you are trying to go 10 times bigger versus 10% bigger, it's typically not 100 times harder, but the reward is 100 times more.

"No" simply means begin again at one level higher.
The faster you move, the slower time passes, the longer you live.


## How to Say "No" When It Matters Most
Life favors the specific ask and punishes the vague wish.

An investment that produces a massive financial ROI but makes me a complete nervous mess, or causes insomnia and temper tantrums for a long period of time, is NOT a good investment.
