# Principles
2017-03-29


## Introduction
Every game has principles that successful players master to achieve winning results.


## Part 1: The Importance of Principles
Your values are what you consider important, literally what you "value". Principles are what allow you to live a life consistent with those values.

Principles connect your values to your actions; they are beacons that guide your actions, and help you successfully deal with the laws of reality. It is to your principles that you turn when you face hard choices.

“I won’t steal” can be a principle to which you refer when the choice of whether or not to steal arises. But to be most effective, each principle must be consistent with your values, and this consistency demands that you ask: Why? Is the reason you won’t steal because you feel empathy for your potential victim? Is it because you fear getting caught?”


## Part 2: My Most Fundamental Life Principles
In the markets, you can do a huge amount of work and still be wrong.
> 市场总是对的，犯错的是自己

Most people come up with opinions and there’s no cost to them. Not so in the market.
To make any money, you have to be right when they’re wrong.
Never cared much about others' conclusions -- only for the reasoning that led to these conclusions.

  1. working for what I wanted, not for what others wanted me to do;
  2. coming up with the best independent opinions I could muster to move toward my goals;
  3. stress-testing my opinions by having the smartest people I could find challenge them  1 I could find out where I was wrong;
  4. being wary about overconfidence, and good at not knowing;
  5. wrestling with reality, experiencing the results of my decisions, and reflecting on what I did to produce them so that I could improve.

  - While most others seem to believe that learning what we are taught is the path to success, I believe that figuring out for yourself what you want and how to get it is a better path.
  - While most others seem to believe that having answers is better than having questions, I believe that having questions is better than having answers because it leads to more learning.
  - While most others seem to believe that mistakes are bad things, I believe mistakes are good things because I believe that most learning comes via making mistakes and reflecting on them.
  - While most others seem to believe that finding out about one’s weaknesses is a bad thing, I believe that it is a good thing because it is the first step toward finding out what to do about them and not letting them stand in your way.
  - While most others seem to believe that pain is bad, I believe that pain is required to become stronger.

a problem that begins in most elementary schools, where we learn to learn what we are taught rather than to form our own goals and to figure out how to achieve them. We are fed with facts and tested and those who make the fewest mistakes are considered to be the smart ones, so we learn that it is embarrassing to not know and to make mistakes. Our education system spends virtually no time on how to learn from mistakes, yet this is critical to real learning. As a result, school typically doesn’t prepare young people for real life—unless their lives are spent following instructions and pleasing others. In my opinion, that’s why so many students who succeed in school fail in life.


### My Most Fundamental Principles
idealists who are not well-grounded in reality create problems, not progress.


my most fundamental principle:
_Truth — more precisely, an accurate understanding of reality — is the essential foundation for producing good outcomes._

because of the law of diminishing returns, it is only natural that seeking something new, or seeking new depths of something old, is required to bring us satisfaction.

I believe that pursuing self-interest in harmony with the laws of the universe and contributing to evolution is universally rewarded.

_Reality + Dreams + Determination = A Successful Life_


### Your Most Important Choices
the quality of our lives depends on the quality of the decisions we make. We literally make millions of decisions that add up to the consequences that are our lives.

Of these millions, I believe that there are five big types of choices that we continually must make that radically affect the quality of our lives and the rates at which we move toward what we want.

__First:__  
It is a fundamental law of nature that to evolve one has to push one’s limits, which is painful, in order to gain strength — whether it’s in the form of lifting weights, facing problems head-on, or in any other way.

_Pain + Reflection = Progress_

__Second:__  
People who confuse what they wish were true with what is really true create distorted pictures of reality that make it impossible for them to make the best choices.

_Ask yourself, “Is it true?”_

__Third:__  
People who worry about looking good typically hide what they don’t know and hide their weaknesses, so they never learn how to properly deal with them and these weaknesses remain impediments in the future.

__Fourth:__  
People who overweigh the first-order consequences of their decisions and ignore the effects that the second- and subsequent-order consequences will have on their goals rarely reach their goals.

For example, the first-order consequences of exercise (pain and time-sink) are commonly considered undesirable, while the second-order consequences (better health and more attractive appearance) are desirable.

__Fifth:__  
People who blame bad outcomes on anyone or anything other than themselves are behaving in a way that is at variance with reality and subversive to their progress.


### Your Two Yous and Your Machine
As a " higher level thinker” rather than as a doer?
“higher level thinking”—i.e., they are able to step back and design a “machine” consisting of the right people doing the right things to get what they want. They are able to assess and improve how their “machine” works by comparing the outcomes that the machine is producing with their goals.


### My 5-Step Process to Getting What You Want Out of Life
“The Process” consists of five distinct steps:

  1. Have clear goals.
  2. Identify and don’t tolerate the problems that stand in the way of achieving your goals.
  3. Accurately diagnose these problems.
  4. Design plans that explicitly lay out tasks that will get you around your problems and on to your goals.
  5. Implement these plans—i.e., do these tasks.

By and large, life will give you what you deserve and it doesn’t give a damn what you “like.” So it is up to you to take full responsibility to connect what you want with what you need to do to get it, and then to do those things—which often are difficult but produce good results— so that you’ll then deserve to get what you want.


### The 5 Steps Close-Up

__1) Setting Goals__  
You can have virtually anything you want, but you can’t have everything you want.

Put another way, to achieve your goals you have to prioritize, and that includes rejecting good alternatives (so that you have the time and resources to pursue even better ones—time being probably your greatest limiting factor, though, through leverage, you can substantially reduce time’s constraints).

_Avoid setting goals based on what you think you can achieve._

__2) Identifying and Not Tolerating Problems__  
Remember that identifying problems is like finding gems embedded in puzzles: if you solve the puzzles you will get the gems that will make your life much better.

__3) Diagnosing the Problems__  
The most important qualities for successfully diagnosing problems are logic, the ability to see multiple possibilities, and the willingness to touch people’s nerves to overcome the ego barriers that stand in the way of truth.

__4) Designing the Plan (Determining the Solutions)__  
Creating a design is like writing a movie script in that you visualize who will do what through time in order to achieve the goal.
Remember: Designing precedes doing! The design will give you your to-do list (i.e., the tasks).

__5) Doing the Tasks__  


### The Relationships between These Steps
### Weaknesses Don’t Matter if You Find Solutions


## Part3: My Management Principles
The Group's values and ways of being, it's _culture_.


### Bridgewater’s Culture and People
### Fleshing Out This Way of Being

### Summary and Table of Principles
__To Get the Culture Right...__  

  - 1) Trust in Truth

  - 8) Create a Culture in Which It Is OK to Make Mistakes but Unacceptable Not to Identify, Analyze, and Learn From Them

  - 20)  Constantly Get in Synch
    - 27) Know when to stop debating and move on to agreeing about what should be done.
          I have seen people who agree on the major issues waste hours arguing over details. It’s more important to do big things well than to do small things perfectly.
    - 29) Evaluate whether an issue calls for debate, discussion, or teaching.
          Debate, discussion, and teaching are all ways of getting in synch, but they work differently and the approach you choose should reflect your goal and the relative believability of the people involved.
          * Debate is generally among approximate equals;
          * discussion is open-minded exploration among people of various levels of understanding;
          * teaching is between people of different levels of understanding.
    - 30) Don’t treat all opinions as equally valuable.
          Almost everyone has an opinion, but many are worthless or harmful. The views of people without track records are not equal to the views of people with strong track records.
    - 31) Consider your own and others’ “believabilities.”
          Ask yourself whether you have earned the right to have an opinion. As a general rule, if you have a demonstrated track record, then you can have an opinion of how to do it — if you don’t, you can’t, though you can have theories and questions.
    - 33) If it is your meeting to run, manage the conversation.
          Navigate the levels of the conversation clearly. When considering an issue or situation, there should be two levels of discussion: the case at hand and the relevant principles that help you decide how the machine should work.

__To Get the People Right...__  

  - 37) Recognize the Most Important Decisions You Make Are Who You Choose to Be Your Responsible Party

  - 44) Recognize that People Are Built Very Differently
    - 45) Think about their very different values, abilities, and skills.
          * Values are the deep-seated beliefs that motivate behaviors;
          * Abilities are ways of thinking and behaving.
          * Skills are learned tools, such as being able to speak a foreign language or write computer code.
          In picking people for long-term relationships, values are most important, abilities come next, and skills are the least important.
    - 47) Recognize that the type of person you fit in the job must match the requirements for that job.
          The most able learners are easily found, since they are, or were, the best students from the best schools. The best thinkers are tougher to find, as there are no obvious funnels through which they pass, especially before they develop track records in the “real world.”

  - 52) Hire Right, Because the Penalties of Hiring Wrong Are Huge
    - 56) Select the appropriate people and tests for assessing each of these qualities and compare the results of those assessments to what you’ve decided is needed for the job.
          Remember that people tend to pick people like themselves, so pick interviewers who can identify what you are looking for. For example, if you’re looking for a visionary, pick a visionary to do the interview where you test for vision. If there is a mix of qualities you’re looking for, put together a group of interviewers who embody all of these qualities collectively.
    - 57) Look for people who have lots of great questions.
    - 59) Don’t hire people just to fit the first job they will do at Bridgewater; _hire people you want to share your life with_. The best relationships are long-term and based on shared missions and values.

  - 64) Manage as Someone Who Is Designing and Operating a Machine to Achieve the Goal
    - 65) Understand the differences between managing, micromanaging, and not managing.
          Micromanaging is telling the people who work for you exactly what tasks to do and/or doing their tasks for them. Not managing is having them do their jobs without your oversight and involvement.
          Managing means:
          1) understanding how well your people and designs are operating to achieve your goals
          2) constantly improving them.
    - 69) Conduct the discussion at two levels when a problem occurs:
          1) the “machine” level discussion of why the machine produced that outcome
          2) the “case at hand” discussion of what to do now about the problem.
    - 81) Avoid staying too distant.
          You need to know your people extremely well, provide and receive regular feedback, and have quality discussions. Your job design needs to build in the time to do these things.

  - 90) Probe Deep and Hard to Learn What to Expect from Your “Machine”

  - 100) Evaluate People Accurately, Not “Kindly”
    - 108) Recognize that your evolution at Bridgewater should be relatively rapid and a natural consequence of discovering your strengths and weaknesses; as a result, your career path is not planned at the outset.
          Your career path isn’t planned because the evolutionary process is about discovering your likes and dislikes as well as your strengths and weaknesses. The best career path for anyone is based on this information. In other words, each person’s career direction will evolve differently based on what we all learn.

  - 117) Train and Test People Through Experiences
  - 128) Sort People into Other Jobs at Bridgewater, or Remove Them from Bridgewater

__To Perceive, Diagnose, and Solve Problems...__  

  - 133) Know How to Perceive Problems Effectively
    - 142) Don’t use the anonymous “we” and “they,” because that masks personal responsibility  use specific names.

  - 147) Diagnose to Understand What the Problems Are Symptomatic Of
  - 163) Put Things in Perspective

  - 166) Design Your Machine to Achieve Your Goals
    - 175) Build your organization from the top down.
           The people at the top of each pyramid should have the skills and focus to manage their direct reports and a deep understanding of their jobs.
    - 184) Tool: Use checklists.
           Use “double-do” rather than “double-check” to make sure mission-critical tasks are done correctly.

  - 188) Do What You Set Out to Do

__To Make Decisions Effectively...__  

  - 190) Recognize the Power of Knowing How to Deal with Not Knowing

  - 196) Make All Decisions Logically, as Expected Value Calculations
    - 197) Don’t bet too much on anything. Make 15 or more good, uncorrelated bets.

  - 198) Remember the 80/20 Rule, and Know What the Key 20% Is
    -  199) Distinguish the important things from the unimportant things and deal with the important things first.
            Since 80% of the juice can be gotten with the first 20% of the squeezing, there are relatively few (typically less than five) important things to consider in making a decision.

  - 205) Synthesize
